God will not allow you to insult
Mr. Liu, are you alright?
How dare you hit Mr. Liu?
I think you want to die.
I, Liu's Group
But the closest partner of the Shen family
Protected by the Shen family
This Shen family, do you think you have lived too long?
I just think I've lived too long.
Hurry up and ask the Shen family to deal with me
I see you wait for the Shen family and Shen Dashuai to arrive
Can you still go as hard as you are now?
Boy and you stinky woman hum
Let's die here together
Sorry.
The user you dialed is temporarily unavailable
What? Sorry.
The person on the other end of your phone
I killed it this morning
Shen Jiazuo Duo Guan
Already supported
You cast a curse as a torturer
Don't hurry up
They want us to help them.
Let's see what he can do
Now that everyone is here
Then let's start to settle the bill
What does this kid want to do?
8 years ago
Li Jia was destroyed overnight
Except for Shen
white
Zhang
Except for Chen's four families
Just your families.
maximum output
On crime
All for news
On blood feud
All can be killed
When it comes to criminal names
And through this widow
Then all of you
Kowtow to my Li family's 49 famous brands and apologize
Take the way out